Rewrite of the SCM optimization tip box (#1307)
conan-io/docs: creating_packages/package_repo.rst

.. tip::

    When doing a :command:`conan create` of a recipe using ``scm``, Conan will save the path to the local source repository. Every time the

>     :command:`conan create` command is ivoked, the sources will not be downloaded from the remote repository but from the local one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :command:`conan create` command is invoked, the sources will not be downloaded from the remote repository but copied from the local directory.
```

Author: ouch

.. tip::

>     When doing a :command:`conan create` of a recipe using ``scm``, Conan will store a local path to the local source repository. Every time

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase a little bit: _"Conan will store in a file the path to the local source repository"_.

>     you want to create a new package, the sources will not be downloaded from the remote repository but from the local one.

Reviewer: something like _"...every time you invoke the `create` command for this package..."_?

    This allows to build packages making changes to the source code without the need of committing them and pushing them to the remote

>     repository. This convenient to speed up the development of your packages when cloning from a local repository.

Reviewer: A warning here about the _not-reproducibility_ of packages generated using this _trick_ if there are changes not committed in thee repo?

Author: A warning inside a tip? 🤣 Let's see what I can do

Reviewer: A mean, warning the user about it, not a _warning box_ 🙈
